Fix typos in Markdown files (#1197)
openscd/open-scd: public/md/DataTypeTemplates.md

3. Data attribute
4. (Enumeration)

> This hierarchical structure can be defined in the `DataTypeTemplates` section of a SCL file by defining and referencing four elements `LNodeType`, `DOType`, `DAType` and `EnumType`. One builds upon the other. In other terms, if you want to define a `LNodeType` or lets say a LLN0 logical node class you need already some defined `DOType`s and for those you need already some `DAType`s and for some of those - ENx - you also need some `EnumType`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hierarchical structure can be defined in the `DataTypeTemplates` section of a SCL file by defining and referencing four elements `LNodeType`, `DOType`, `DAType` and `EnumType`. One builds upon the other. In other words, if you want to define a `LNodeType` or let's say a LLN0 logical node class you need some already defined `DOType`s and for those you need some already existing `DAType`s and for some of those - ENx - you also need some already existing `EnumType`s.
```
